Entrypointcode (#3)
AgPipeline/agpypeline: README.md

> # Transformer: agpypeline

Reviewer: Why the change in the title?

<img src="https://github.com/az-digitalag/Drone-Processing-Pipeline/raw/07b1edc34a1faea501c80f583beb07f9d6b290bb/resources/drone-pipeline.png" width="100" />

This is an installable package derived from the [base-image](https://github.com/AgPipeline/base-docker-support/tree/master/base-image) and the
[base-transformer-class](https://github.com/AgPipeline/drone-pipeline-environment/tree/master/base-transformer-class)

## Expected metadata

> There are several metadata key/value pairs that this transformer expects to receive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several metadata key/value pairs that a user of entrypoint and transformer_class modules expects to receive.
```

The metadata keys listed below are all defined in the [BRAPI V1.3](https://brapi.docs.apiary.io/#) standard.

*  studyName - the name of the study the data belongs to
*  season - the season associated with the data

> *  observationTimeStamp - a timestamp override in ISO 8610 long format

Reviewer: I believe that you made a change to make this optional

*  germplasmName - the name of the crop being tested in the plot
*  collectingSite - site identification

If the observationTimeStamp metadata key is not specified, the EXIF information in source image files are checked and the earliest found timestamp will be used. 

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence about how the current timestamp is used if no timestamp is found.

If the other metadata keys listed above are not specified, default and/or empty values will be used with the potential for errors.

> Derived transformers may also have additional metadata needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual users of this library may also have additional metadata needs.
```

## Metadata provided

> The derived transformers (based upon the [simple transformer](https://github.com/AgPipeline/template-transformer-simple)) using this Docker image, or code, as their base, can expect to receive the following defined keys with values in their `check_md` parameter:

Reviewer: Reword this to refer to library instead of transformer
